# A-Scalable-Image-Video-Processing-Platform-with-Open-Source-Design-and-Verification-Environment
This project presents an image/video processing platform, enabling to capture frames of images by interfacing a low-cost OV7670 camera and in real time display both the original images and the results of processed images on a VGA-interfaced monitor. Specifically we presents our framework able to simultaneously display up to four 320x240 images in a 640x480 window, capable of showing the in-process images, the final results of the images, as well as the original images through the VGA interface. As a case study, we design a simple color to binary converter with two submodules - color to grayscale converter and then grayscale to binary converter. We demonstrate the validity of showing all the original color images captured from the OV7670 camera, the inter-process grayscale images, and the final binary images in different regions via the VGA master. The Design-Under-Test (DUT) was written by Verilog HDL and tested on the Nexys 4 FPGA, and the verification environment can be automatically run on ModelSim Simulator. 
1) Run Simulation: Change directory to the sim folder, and then type "do run" in the transcription window of ModelSim. The simulation will stop when any error occurs with I2C register configuration, pixel capturing by DUT, or pixel displaying on VGA. 
2) FPGA Prototyping: Double click "project_1.xpr" in \ImageVideoProcessingPlatform\syn\project_1, then program the datapath.bit file by using Vivado. Notice that two constrain files are provided, Nexys-4-Master.xdc for the Nexys 4 FPGA and Nexys-4-DDR-Master.xdc for Nexys 4 DDR version. 
